# Kivira App Privacy Policy
Last updated: `March 20, 2021`

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection,
use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
* You use our services by downloading the Kivira App on Google Play Store or Apple Store.
* By using our services, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions
#### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

#### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* `Account` means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

* `Affiliate` means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

* `Application` refers to Kivira, the software program provided by the Company.

* `Company` (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Kivira.

* `Country` refers to: Congo - Kinshasa

* `Device` means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

* `Personal Data` is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

* `Service` refers to the Application.

* `Service Provider` means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

* `Usage Data` refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

* `You` means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

##  Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
#### Data Collection
* Our Application, Kivira does not collect any personal data or usage data.
* Our third-party Ad service provider may collect following data:
  * IP Address: Collects device's IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
  * Device Information: Collects user product interactions and interaction information, including app launch, taps, and video views.
  * Location Information: Collects information related to the performance of your app and the SDK, including crash logs, app launch time, hang rate, and energy usage.
  * Cookies and Usage Data: Collects Android advertising (ad) ID, app set ID, and, if applicable, other identifiers related to signed-in accounts on the device.

#### Data usage
* Our Application, Kivira does not use or process your personal data or usage data.
* Our third-party Ad service provider may use following data:
  * IP Address: Used to estimate the general location of a device.
  * Device Information: Used to collect user product interactions and interaction information, including app launch, taps, and video views.
  * Location Information: Used to collect information related to the performance of your app and the SDK, including crash logs, app launch time, hang rate, and energy usage.
  * Cookies and Usage Data: Used to collect Android advertising (ad) ID, app set ID, and, if applicable, other identifiers related to signed-in accounts on the device.

#### Data Retention
* Our Application, Kivira does not retain or process any personal data or usage data.
* Our third-party Ad service provider handle data as below:
    * Android ad ID collection is optional.
    * The ad ID can be reset or deleted by users using ad ID controls in the Android settings menu.
    * Certain other features in the Google Mobile Ads SDK, such as the Limited Ads feature, may also disable transmission of the ad ID and other data.


## Children's Privacy
* Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. 
* We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.

## Links to Other Websites
* Our Service may contain Ads which may redirect you to other websites.
* We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
* We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.


## Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

* By email: chercheurmichael@gmail.com
* By email: societemukeke@mail.com


